---
title: What’s staking?
published: true
---

Staking is a way to earn rewards by supporting the growth and development of a blockchain network. With EZ Staking, we’re making it easy for you to stake your cryptocurrency on multiple Cosmos networks.

## **How does staking work?**

Staking involves a combination of several key components:

* **Validators**: Our validators are responsible for verifying and validating transactions, as well as creating new blocks.
* **Staking**: You lock up a certain amount of cryptocurrency (called the "stake") to support our validators.
* **Block rewards**: Our validators earn a portion of the block rewards, which are then distributed to stakers like you.

## **Why stake with EZ Staking?**

EZ Staking offers a range of benefits, including:

* **Multi-network support**: We support multiple Cosmos networks.
* **Competitive reward rates**: Our staking rewards are competitive, ensuring you earn a decent return on your investment.
* **Secure**: Our platform is non-custodial, which means you remain in control of your private keys and assets at all times.
* **Transparent**: We provide transparent information about the staking process, including staking rates and validator performance.
* **Easy setup**: Our platform is easy to use and requires no technical expertise.

## **Getting started**

### **Step 1: Create a wallet**

Create a new wallet using a cryptocurrency that is compatible with our platform (such as Keplr).

### **Step 2: Deposit your currency**

Deposit the cryptocurrency you wish to stake into your wallet.

### **Step 3: Start staking**

Click the "Start Staking" button to begin supporting our validators and earning rewards.

## **Conclusion**

Staking with EZ Staking is a great way to earn rewards while supporting the growth and development of the Cosmos ecosystem. Our non-custodial platform ensures that you remain in control of your private keys and assets at all times, providing you with peace of mind and the ability to manage your investments with confidence.
