---
title: What’s an airdrop?
published: true
---

An airdrop is a marketing strategy used by cryptocurrency projects to distribute a certain amount of their tokens or currencies to a large number of people. The goal of an airdrop is to promote the project, increase visibility, and generate excitement around the currency or token.

## **How does an airdrop work?**

Here are the general steps to understand how an airdrop works:

1. Project teams create a certain amount of tokens or currencies and reserve them for airdrop.
2. People who want to participate in the airdrop must follow specific instructions, such as:
   * Follow the project’s social media accounts
   * Subscribe to the project newsletter or mailing list
   * Participate in online communities or forums related to the project
   * Complete a task or puzzle
3. Once participants complete the necessary steps, they receive a certain amount of tokens or coins, which are sent directly to their cryptocurrency wallet.
4. The airdrop can be targeted at a specific group of people, such as holders of a certain cryptocurrency or users of a specific platform.

## **Why are airdrops important?**

Airdrops are a powerful tool for cryptocurrency projects to:

* Promote themselves and increase their visibility
* Foster community and generate enthusiasm
* Gather a key audience for their project
* Increase adoption and diffusion of their currency or token

## **Get ready to receive an airdrop with EZ Staking!**

By participating in an airdrop with EZ Staking, you can discover new investment and participation opportunities in the cryptocurrency ecosystem. We are delighted to support you on your path to discovering new investment possibilities in the world of cryptocurrency.

We look forward to welcoming you to our cryptocurrency community and helping you discover new investment and participation opportunities!
